Refresh OpenEnv thumbnail (#3437)
huggingface/blog: openenv-agentic-rl.md

- user: emre0
- user: lewtun
- user: sergiopaniego
- user: banghua
---

# The Open Source Community is backing OpenEnv for Agentic RL

> ![Thumbnail for the blog post](/blog/assets/openenv/thumbnail3.png)

Author: ```suggestion
![Thumbnail for the blog post](https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/openenv-expansion/banner.png)
```
